Meeting minutes from August 23, 2021 (#188)
solid/authentication-panel: meetings/2021-08-23.md

# 2021-08-23 Solid Authentication

https://meet.jit.si/solid-authentication

## Agenda

* [more common sequence diagram #17](https://github.com/solid/solid-oidc/pull/17)
* [Advertising trusted OIDC issuers via Link headers #32](https://github.com/solid/solid-oidc/issues/32)
* [The Public OIDC Client URI](https://solid.github.io/solid-oidc/#clientids-public-uri)
* How to make meetings more inclusive, especially for broader solid community

## Present

* elf Pavlik
* Aaron Coburn
* Nicolas Seydoux
* Barath Raghavan
* ewingson

## Minutes

### Current implementations of Solid-OIDC

#### Provider-side

- CSS Identity Provider
- ESS Identity Provider

#### Client-side

- `@inrupt/solid-client-authn-*`

### Sequence diagram update

The diagram will update what we currently have but which is based
... on a more common format. The source description of the diagram will

> ... use the OpenFlow syntax, and the output SVG will be part of the documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
... use the [mermaid](https://mermaid-js.github.io/mermaid/#/) syntax, and the output SVG will be part of the documentation.
```
